---
title: "Researching Research Computing"
date: 2018-09-29T11:36:33+08:00
draft: true
tags: 
  - Demo
  - Typography
  - post
---

If you've been around the PC Gaming, Homlabbers, or just the programming community I bet you've seen or heard about BOIC or Folding@Home. For the people who have not, these projects are voluinteer distributed computing projects. You run the BOINC or Folidng@Home client on your computer, and these projects use your idle CPU or GPU to do science. 

I've always wondered what the real world value of the major projects are. There are 10+ major projects out there that are all allifiated with different universities or instutuitions. But what real world value do these project provide? Does the [Collatz Conjecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collatz_conjecture) project provide a potentional higher value when compared to the [Einstein@home]() project? 

Before I continue, I need to define what I'm calling "value". I'm subjectively using "value" as a standin for the Utilitarian world view- act in such a way where your actions do the "the greatest amount of good for the greatest number [of people]." Applied here, I'm looking for the project- that if solved- has/would provide the largest value to the scientific field and help the most people. Another way to look at it is "I have $100k of AWS Credit, what is the best project to use these compute resources on?" 

So- Let's start!

Here are the projects I'm going to initiall start off with. 

* Folding@Home
* Asteroids@home 
* ATLAS@Home
* CAS@home 
* Climate Prediction
* Collatz Conjecture 
* Cosmology@Home
* DreamLab
* Einstein@Home
* Galaxy Zoo
* LHC@home
* Milkyway@Home
* MindModeling@Home
* RNA World
* Rosetta@home
* SETI@home
* theSkyNet POGS
* World Community Grid

I'm looking to find out some basic information about each project, including 
* What research has been published that uses the results from the project? I'm looking for published research articles, presentations, or some formal usage of the generate data.
* What kind of data is generated by the project? Who can access this data, and how would it be used by researchers.